updated docker layer caching docs (#4478)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/caching-ci-data/share-ci-data-across-steps-and-stages.md

:::

## Remote Docker cache

Remote Docker caching can dramatically improve build times by sharing data across pipelines, stages, and steps. Remote caching leverages your exising Docker registry to pull previously built layers.

Remote caching isn't available for all build infrastructures. If available for your build infrastructure, you can enable the **Remote Cache Image** option in the following steps:

* [Build and Push to Docker](../build-and-upload-artifacts/build-and-push-to-docker-hub-step-settings.md)
* [Build and Push to ECR](../build-and-upload-artifacts/build-and-push-to-ecr-step-settings.md)
* [Build and Push to GAR](/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/build-and-upload-artifacts/build-and-push-to-gar.md)

> * [Build and Push to GCR](/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/build-and-upload-artifacts/build-and-push-to-gcr.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Build and Push to GCR](/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/build-and-upload-artifacts/build-and-push-to-gcr.md)
* [Build and Push to ACR](/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/build-and-upload-artifacts/build-and-push-to-acr.md)
```

:::info

> Harness Cloud can manage the Docker layer cache backend for you, without relying on your Docker registry (which can reduce build times even further). To learn more, see our [Docker Layer Caching](./docker-layer-caching.md) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Harness Cloud can manage the Docker layer cache backend for you, without relying on your Docker registry, which can further reduce build times. To learn more, go to [Docker Layer Caching](./docker-layer-caching.md).
```
